Only detect custom session replay masks when necessary (#4445)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

  - Ensure all buffered logs are sent to Sentry when the application terminates unexpectedly ([#4425](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/4425))
  - `InvalidOperationException` potentially thrown during a race condition, especially in concurrent high-volume logging scenarios ([#4428](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/4428))
- Blocking calls are no longer treated as unhandled crashes ([#4458](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/4458))

> - Only applies Session Replay masks to specific controls types when necessary, to avoid performance issues in MAUI apps with complex UIs ([#4445](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/4445))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only apply Session Replay masks to specific control types when necessary to avoid performance issues in MAUI apps with complex UIs ([#4445](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/4445))
```
